hey everybody what's going on baru here
and today I have another episode of keep
or toss and today I wanted to talk to
you all about amp shields and we're
gonna go into that now amp shields were
something that was introduced in
Borderlands 2 as well as a bunch of
other different special types of shields
such as turtle shields
you know the adaptive shields roid
shields boosters shields all these
different special effects tied to the
shields and overall I really do like
them however there's been as everyone
knows there's a lot of controversy
around amp shields and more specifically
the be so that's what we're gonna be
talking about today how tall do you feel
about the B amp shields making a return
in the pre-sequel
now for those who don't know the B is a
very powerful Hyperion amp shield that
was introduced in the vanilla game and
what it would allow you to do basically
is take any gun and make it supremely
powerful because the B is stronger than
pretty much every single gun in the game
but just by itself and there was also an
issue with multi projectiles where if
you used it with a shotgun you would get
basically you would get the amp on every
single pellet obviously that had to be
nerfed for obvious reasons but in
addition they tried to nerf the B by
making its recharge longer and I feel
like what they could have done is they
should have either changed the B or
maybe the beef should never have even
made it into the game to begin with I
feel like they did a lot of balance
changes around the V and this is not how
it should have been done it's very clear
that a lot of bosses in the game are
just so
painful to try and take out without
using the B now obviously salva-dork
doesn't need to be but go try taking on
Hyperion
without a Norfleet or B as say Maya
you're going to have an extremely
difficult time killing them without
running out of ammo it's just it they
just the classes just don't do the
damage and the bosses are balanced
around this powerful item whether people
choose to believe that or not it's just
how it is and obviously you don't need
it in general play because in general
play you can basically go through
everything but you know you can see when
I'm using this fire plasma caster I'm
basically one shotting mate or sometimes
two shotting any any sort of enemy when
the B is up and that's you know without
slag either so how old do you feel about
this I feel like the B could have been
balanced in a different way it should
have been balanced around the fact that
it has no drain let's say a perfect
shield is you know about 800 million
there not 800 million eight hundred
thousand I'm sorry eight hundred
thousand the beef should have been
somewhere around 300 thousand and you
know it would be balanced around the
fact that it didn't have any sort of
drain and it would have you know just an
average recharge or so I would have also
liked to see more unique amp shields
only having one unique amp shield I feel
kind of killed it and I would like to
see an amp shell that works in Reverse
something that has a very high say
recharge and you only got the amp when
the shield was down rather than when it
was full anyway let's go ahead and take
a look at ant shields in general now
this is the this is what would be
considered a perfect amp shield of a
non-unique Hyperion amp as I said it's
about eight hundred thousand extra
damage and you have to wait 2.5 seconds
2.5 seven seconds in between each shot
however if we take a look at the bee
you'll notice it's 1.8
million amp and it doesn't drain so you
can go one shot after the next yes it
does have a large recharge delay but
most classes have a have something that
will allow them to drastically reduce
that I no accident can bring that to
almost two seconds probably even lower
than that Maya with a with certain
columns can lower it Salladhor obviously
doesn't need it and if we take a look at
the weapon itself weapons don't really
have that much damage behind them when
you compare how much damage the B is
adding to them and this is where I feel
like it kind of killed the balance
because a lot of people you know use the
B with all of these items now you keep
like I said you can clear certain things
you can do general mobbing no problem
without the B but if you're going to go
take on a raid boss as a class that's
not Salvador you're gonna have an
extremely difficult time because bosses
were you know scaled to the different or
scale to the B and hopefully that in the
pre-sequel they will they won't make
this same mistake they'll balance the B
around it having no drain by you know
say it'll have half half the damage or
probably maybe even less than maybe even
less than half of a normal Hyperion
shield let me know how do you feel about
this how should they have encountered to
be should they have just left it as is
and just let everyone be supremely
overpowered I don't like that idea
I mean III agree people should be
overpowered but not to the point where
you're literally one shotting tear
amorphous with a basic shotgun which is
what it was on release that I feel is
too far to the overpowered but at the
same time it shouldn't be to the point
where they you need to be using a B to
take on these powerful enemies it's just
it shouldn't be done like that
and like I said the whole the amp shield
working in Reverse
they could have done a lot of different
things with amp shields and make them
more unique instead of just having the
one unique shield I mean almost every
other shield outside of tini or has a
has at least more than just one shield
attached to it and it works in you know
different ways and they could have it
could have expanded on the amp well let
me know how you all feel about this
should they should they have nerf to be
should they have kept it as is should
they have changed it all together maybe
making it a you know a lower amp in
general compensating for that no amp
drain or should they have just bumped a
basic Hyperion amps
that's another way to do it could they
should they have just buff those instead
do you you let me know keep or toss
Hyperion shields I want to thank you all
for watching if you enjoyed this don't
forget to hit that like button then
please leave your comment in the comment
section below
I definitely like going through and
reading all of these different things
that you all have to say and we'll just
go ahead and take a quick look again at
the be at this at the different weapons
and you'll just see the massive damage
difference anyway thank you all for
watching and I will see you all in the
next video later
you